Update service-tokens.md (#3557)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/service-tokens.md

## Generating service account tokens

> To create a service token, go to the Account Settings page of dbt Cloud by clicking on the gear icon on the right hand side. Click on Service Tokens on the left sidebar and generate a new token. Create and save your token somewhere safe.

Reviewer: great suggestion @amychen1776 ! i've turned it into steps and bolded the UI elements! let me know what you think and I'll be happy to merge this for you!

```suggestion
To make a service token in dbt Cloud, follow these steps:

1. Open the **Account Settings** page by clicking the gear icon on the right-hand side.
2. On the left sidebar, click on **Service Tokens**.
3. Click the **+ New Token** button to generate a new token.
4. Once the token is generated, make sure to save it somewhere safe.
```
